dudes thanks for coming back to my
crummy apartment believe it or not a lot
of grown adults search on the internet
for grilled cheese recipe yeah now even
though I feel that that's kind of
pathetic today I am gonna make a grilled
cheese recipe for you but not just any
grilled cheese today we're making a
white-trash grilled cheese sandwich the
best kind there is
this is for you rich folks out there who
never had to make your own meal growing
up because your parents happen to be at
the bar having Ryan cokes now I should
also tell you that there are only three
ingredients in this recipe so you and
your university degree well you should
be able to figure this one out check it
out we're going to start with a nonstick
pan it's cluttered with nice safe
chemicals medium-low heat the first
ingredient is going to be white bread
now don't go shopping for anything that
says healthy whole grain low fat brown
or god forbid arches n know if you've
never seen this brand it's called Wonder
Bread Wonder Bread fits all the great
awesome qualities that make a white
trash grilled cheese sandwich Wonder
Bread remember that Brad this company's
gonna love me for boosting their sex
thing we need is butter wait a second
did I say butter no scratch that we only
use margarine here in starter they can't
keep enough of this yellow flavored oil
on the shelves it's just awesome now
again when buying margarine at the store
for your white-trash grilled cheese
sandwich don't get anything that has a
heart on it and don't get anything like
this base sell it's just a gimmick
trying to imitate the real good stuff
lastly and most importantly is the
cheese the kind of cheese we use for
white trash grilled cheese sandwiches is
called processed cheese that means it's
processed into something better than
you've ever tasted in your life they
actually mix by parts of real cheese
with other awesome ingredients like oil
msg and starch and then they form it
into these slices that are handy to use
and they last forever in your fridge now
you know something is good for you when
it can last three months in your fridge
a let's put this bread like this
take it
a lot of people in the trailer parts
what they like to do is just squash your
grilled cheese down don't know why they
use that technique so we're just going
to do it just to keep this recipe more
traditional kids from all over the
trailer park will come for grilled
cheese that look this good if you want
to know if your cheese is cooked in the
middle take it and just lift open the
side here like this check that out say
it's melting that's the great thing
about this awesome cheese it melts there
you can feed a bunch of trailer park
kids really fast this looks beautiful
and it's ready so you take it put it
onto your cutting board take your best
knife corner to corner then you get some
dinner where now we're just going to add
some potato and vegetables to this meal
to make it complete dinner for your kids
pickles from the best vegetable ever and
I go great with grilled cheese now when
you're diving into the jar don't use a
fork or utensil just use your hands
because if you have any germs or
bacteria or cuts on your hand that
pickle juice is medicinal it's gonna
just clean up everything up
they're dual purpose here's another
shopping tip for you use black diamond
or kraft cheese slices they have the
best oil wells and msg factories on the
planet dudes start laughing because that
oh yeah try this cheese with your next
wine and cheese tray at home your guests
are gonna be blowing away trust me